** This feedback is auto-generated from an LLM **

Hi Xincheng,

Thanks for submitting two Tableau Public links. Both URLs follow the correct Tableau Public format and appear to point to public workbooks/specific dashboards:

    exploratory_dashboard_…/Dashboard2
    executive_dashboard_…/Dashboard1

Because I can’t open external links in this environment, I can’t comment on the specific visuals. Below is targeted feedback and a checklist tailored to your two use cases. If you ensure the dashboards are publicly accessible (no sign-in required) and provide screenshots or a PDF export, I can give line-by-line, chart-by-chart notes.

Executive dashboard (high-level, decision-focused)

    KPIs: Show 3–6 primary KPIs (BANs) above the fold with clear definitions and time comparisons (WoW, MoM, YoY).
    Clarity: Use a brief subtitle to state the business question; keep labels, legends, and titles unambiguous.
    Minimal interaction: Limit to 1–3 essential filters (e.g., date, region). Defaults should reflect the most common executive view.
    Context: Include trends and targets/benchmarks. Use color sparingly to highlight exceptions and status.
    Readability: One-screen layout, consistent typography, aligned grid, and sufficient whitespace.
    Tooltips: Concise and purposeful; avoid overloading with raw fields unless needed.
    Performance: Favor extracts, limit high-cardinality quick filters, and avoid heavy table calcs across many marks.

Exploratory dashboard (analysis and discovery)

    Interactivity: Provide meaningful filters, parameters (measure/metric switchers), and drill-down/drill-through actions.
    Linked views: Use highlight or filter actions between charts to encourage segmentation and pathfinding.
    Flexibility: Offer multiple date granularities and cohort or segment options; consider a “Top N” parameter.
    Guidance: Add a brief “How to use this dashboard” note or tooltip and clearly labeled controls.
    Guardrails: Provide context summaries so exploration doesn’t become aimless; ensure defaults land on a sensible, representative state.
    Performance and usability: Keep interaction responsive; avoid too many simultaneous dense views.

Shared quality items

    Data transparency: Note data source, refresh cadence, and any filters applied by default.
    Accessibility: Use colorblind-safe palettes, adequate contrast, font sizes ≥12pt, and descriptive titles/notes.
    Mobile/device layouts: Provide a device-specific layout if stakeholders will view on smaller screens.
    Consistency: Harmonize color scales, number formats, date formats, and naming conventions across both dashboards.
    Naming and metadata: Use friendly worksheet and dashboard titles, and ensure workbook description on Tableau Public explains purpose and audience.

If anything in my setup prevents full review

    If the links still require sign-in or show as unavailable, please:
        Confirm each workbook is set to Public (not Private) in Tableau Public.
        Share the “Share” link from Tableau Public (the one you’d give to viewers), which typically matches your format and doesn’t require ?publish=yes.
        Provide 2–3 screenshots per dashboard (full view plus close-ups of key KPIs and any interactive controls) or a PDF export.
        Include a short note describing:
            Audience and primary decisions each dashboard supports,
            The 3–5 KPIs that matter most and how they’re defined,
            Any specific areas you’d like feedback on (design, performance, metric definitions, etc.).

Based on submission completeness and valid Tableau Public links, you meet the mechanical requirements. I’ll provide a more precise grade once I can view the content or screenshots.

FINAL GRADE: { "letter_grade": "B", "passes": true }
